Artemis Financial is a financial service company that was requesting secure software infrastructure to protect client transactions
and sensitive financial information. The following needed to be address in the journey: vulnerabilities in encryption, authentication
protocols, and dependency management to prevent cyber threats. 
In order for me to identify the software security vulnerabilites, I needed gain an understanding on the importance of conducting a vulnerability
let alone run it using a tool called OWASP Dependency Check. I needed to identify weaknesses in certificate verfication and checksum integrity. This part of the construction was not an easy journey. After that, I needed to strengthen a secure server communication with better keystore management. 
Specifcally, outlining the importance of keeping needed information such as password for your Keystore, is very important to remember. 
Next, I needed to define the importance of secure coding. This part of the journey was to ensure that I prevent data breaches that could compromise financical integrity for the client. Ensure compliance with regulations like PCI DSS and GDPR; while enhancing trust and relilability for both customer and stakeholders. 
The biggest challenge of this all, in reference refractoring, is ensuring the code if its functional. The challenge was also detecting false positivies in dependency checks and running a deeper analysis for those false positives. What became helpful for me to accomplish this step was research and resources. Using industry standards from OWASP SCP guide to improve on the assessment but also reaching out for additional assistance for step by step processes. I learned to increase layer of security by implementing a multi-facotr authentication, used AES encryption for securing data storage, and solidify a SSL configuration in server applications. 
To the future vulnerability assessment and how to mitigated techniques, I would implement behavioral detection by AI. Although AI may make mistakes in finding anomaly, its more of secure blanket or second eye for things you don't see in a code or help identify vulnerabilities. But most commonly used is besides AI, is comparing and reach out for assistance as well. Ensuring that I have a functional and secure code, I will conduct unit and integration testing after refractoring. Future assignments and tasks will include pre-code and post-code refractoring, making sure that I cover front and back bases.
Showcasing my work to future employers will have perfect and relatable examples that will not only educate them but look at their business and recommendations a different way. I will present vulnerability assessments reports to demostrate analysis skilles, share before-and-after code improvements to showcase secure coding expertise and highlighting project documentation and compliance strategies as proof of "relatable, real-world" security solutions. 
